Welcome everyone to this course
here at Frontend Masters.
I'm Scott Moss.
A little bit about me before we get
into the course and what we're doing.
I am a software engineer.
Most recently I was
an engineer at Netflix,
where I worked on the smart TV app.
So if you've ever downloaded
the Netflix app on your TV before,
I contributed some ways
somewhere to that app.
Mostly on the A/B testing stuff,
really cool product and team to work on.
Before that, I was the CEO and co founder
of a dev tool startup called Tipe.
I did that for about three years.
And then before that,
I had my own consultancy business where
I worked with companies like Nike,
Bloomberg, Weather Channel, IBM, Google,
Apple to help them with training or
developing or architecture design,
different things like that.
Currently, I'm actually not
writing code full time anymore for
the first time in my professional life.
I'm now actually a full time investor,
where I invest in early stage companies.
So most of the code that I write
is actually kind on my free time.
Other than doing diligence
on some of these startups,
where I'm checking their code and
their technologies and
helping them hire their first engineers
and different things like that.
Let's get into this course.
So this course is something that me and
the team have been talking about for
a while.
And it's going to be a little different
than some of the courses if you watched
that I've created before.
Whereas in this course,
I really wanted to dive in and
just get hands-on with a project and
just start building something.
So it's not covering just one topic,
it's covering all the things that I think
someone needs to know in order to develop
a full-stack application in today's world.
So there's a lot of bleeding edge
stuff out there that sounds cool but
it's not ready yet.
And there's a lot of stuff that's
been around for a while but
maybe could be improved on.
So I've done the research,
I've built things over the years, and
this is just all the stuff that I've
realized is one of the best ways to build
a full-stack web app today.
So I'm just gonna be sharing
with you all how I do that.
And to make it interesting I decided to,
hey, let's build a Spotify clone.
Let's build a music app.
So that's the topic of
the technology today,
is we're gonna be building a Spotify app.
I listen to a lot of music, especially
now that everyone's working remotely.
I've always had music playing.
Even when I'm in a meeting,
I have music playing in my headphones.
That is, just slightly turned down over
the person talking, because it really just
gets me through the day,
gets me through all those Zoom meetings.
So I felt like, hey,
why not share some of that passion and
have you all build a music app as well?
If you've never used Spotify before,
it's just a music streaming app where you
can sign up, play some music, stream it,
sometimes you can download them
depending on what plan you have.
And that's basically it, so
we'll be doing something like that.
If you have used Spotify, you know that
there's just tons of features in there.
We will not be building
all of those features.
This is not [LAUGH] gonna be an app that
you can just replace with Spotify, but
it's gonna cover some of
the main ones that make sense.
And it's gonna be a great foundation for
you all to continue building some of those
features if you want to as practice and
to sharpen your skills.
So that is the topic of this course.
And right now we're gonna get started.